Support for managed VNET (#75912)
Azure/azure-content: articles/data-factory/includes/data-factory-v2-integration-runtime-requirements.md

-->
If your data store is located inside an on-premises network, an Azure virtual network, or Amazon Virtual Private Cloud, you need to configure a [self-hosted integration runtime](../create-self-hosted-integration-runtime.md) to connect to it.

If your data store is a managed cloud data service, you can use Azure integration runtime. If the access is restricted to IPs that are approved in the firewall rules, you can add [Azure Integration Runtime IPs](../azure-integration-runtime-ip-addresses.md) into the allow list. 

> Alternatively, you can also use the the [managed VNET IR](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/tutorial-managed-virtual-network-on-premise-sql-server) feature in data fatcory to access the on premise network without the need of installing and configuring a self-hosted integration runtime.

Reviewer: Use a relative link like this:
```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also use the the [managed VNET IR](../tutorial-managed-virtual-network-on-premise-sql-server.md) feature in data fatcory to access the on premise network without the need of installing and configuring a self-hosted integration runtime.
```
